All right we'll come back and my students.
So in the last lecture we build a link and we're build a container for the box that we are going to
be showing.
And on this lecture here I want to start refactoring some of this stuff so instead of actually creating
another page for you know the update and the lead part of the crowd we are going to be processing that
information one page so that way you can see how he's done on just one page right.
So let's create another page here another file.
I'm going to call this process that BHP like dat.
Right.
And I'm going to include our database of course
that's included right here on top let's open our BHB tag first include included.
All right.
Beautiful.
Because I'm not writing any more mail here.
Actually you know what.
Let's just close it just in case.
I think we're going to be using some some scripts or something like that.
All right.
But anyway so we've got this page right here.
But they're going to be writing this called later on.
But let's go now to the end that's actually these play cards right here.
Now we are clicking on the link we are showing the container and that's that's cool right.
But now we need to pull some information out of there because we need to make the request to be right.
So what do we need to make that request because we are going to be getting some information pulling
some information out.
So we need to pull all that information out of there.
We're going to be doing something like this.
Let me show you.
A cartes that's not showing it
display cars.
This isn't like this one.
All right.
Basically all we are going to be doing their
but the only difference is that we are going to be needing the I.D. because we are going to be this
way not only the idea but we are also going to be needing that title because we're going to be putting
that in their input in that touching input.
All right.
So that's basically the only difference here.
So let's actually copy all this.
Right now you know we're looking at least half some data from there copy this.
Let's take it to a process here like that.
Now here well let's just leave this like this for now and then later on we'll modify it a little bit.
Right.
Let's go back to
this play cards.
Actually we are in the same page.
I keep forgetting that.
All right so.
So how do we pull the I.D. from this table here.
But we have the link here so we can target it right.
And we have the I.D. right here.
So when you click on it we need to pull the I.D. from this link here.
So let's actually create a natural view here called rail and that's put that the ID right in there.
How about that.
Right.
So let's see here.
And I'm just going to separate this like this that we got.
All right.
So we got the idea there what else do we need we need to have what
well we need a ref to make that request right.
Do we need a ref.
Actually no we do not need a ref right.
We just need the ID.
That's it.
All right.
Anyway if we need something else we'll get it later on.
All right so now let's create a variable here and let's just say I want to grab this.
He We're going to target that 80 TR for review and it's going to be the rail review value like the course
you can ALLERT that knowledge just to make sure that we are getting the right stuff.
All right.
This too.
Let's check it out real quick.
I don't like the pound symbol there so we're going to take care of that right now.
Click on it.
We get at 43 ID with click on the next one.
44.
All right we're getting the I.D..
Perfect.
All right so I don't want I don't like the power symbol there.
Let's get rid of that let's go to a ref here and just right javascript
colon and void zero save it.
Come back here.
Take that power symbol out of there you click on it.
We don't have that problem anymore.
Beautiful.
Learn something new for those of you that don't know how to do that they know how to do that.
All right.
So let's make our requests.
Let's use the post because we are going to be making post requests which is a lot better than anything
else
and
we have a process that BHB page.
So let's send that request there.
All right.
First parameter there.
Now the data that's going there and that would be the ID and ID.
All right.
That's always going right now if we need something we'll add later on.
And now the third parameter would be function Let's bring that down real quick.
All right.
So really in reality what I want to do is actually learn something just to make sure that the data is
being you know what actually on alert.
Yes.
Let's look at the data coming back.
So let's put it that variable there.
And right now if we go across that BHB we have this or this but we don't want this want to test it out
first
let's just echo something.
Save it.
Let's come back here.
And we're getting that back from the server response.
All right perfect.
So it is working.
Beautiful.
Let's go back and let's see what else we can do here.
All right.
So what we want to do is one insert the data in the action container right.
We're targeting.
And this is hold down right here and we'll just use the H to malfunction there and we'll put the data
in there.
All right.
Let's go back to process and let's bring that back and see if it works.
We already have a hello there.
So foolisher refresh
click on it and now is actually being replaced by the new hello coming from the database.
All right I hope you see how this is working.
Looking pretty cool right.
But anyway remember that we want to bring the values only specific to each of this links right to each
of these records rows in the database.
So for the road I would add the number for 44 for Honda.
I want to bring that record there to update for the lead.
Whatever this Honda role in the database not just everything right.
But anyway in the next lecture we'll continue building on this thing if you want to go ahead and you
know be creative and start doing something extra.
Go ahead and start doing it before me.
See you in the next lecture.
Take your.